fix(ai-gateway): Update AI Entities docs (#5698)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_ai_gateway_entities/ai-policy.md

## What is an AI Policy?

An AI Policy is a reusable configuration that can be attached to {{site.ai_gateway}} entities to enforce security, transformation, and traffic-control behavior.

> Each AI Policy specifies a `type` field (such as `ai-sanitizer` or `ai-rate-limiting-advanced`) that identifies the behavior, and a `config` block that provides that behavior's configuration. {{site.ai_gateway}} attaches the configured policy at the scope you select: globally, or to a specific AI Model, AI Agent, or AI MCP Server.

Reviewer: configuration can't really belong to the _behaviour_ of the Policy

```suggestion
Each AI Policy includes a `type` field (such as `ai-sanitizer` or `ai-rate-limiting-advanced`) that sets the type of behavior, and a `config` block that specifies the requirments of the behavior. {{site.ai_gateway}} attaches the configured policy at the scope you select: globally, or to a specific AI Model, AI Agent, or AI MCP Server.
```

For the complete set of behaviors available as an AI Policy `type`, see the [AI policies hub](/ai-gateway/policies/).

> **AI Policies are not shared.** Each AI Policy is an independent configuration tied to its parent entity's lifecycle. To apply identical configuration to two AI Models, create two separate AI Policies with matching `config`. This design ensures that deleting an AI Model deletes only its own AI Policies, not configurations used by other entities.

Reviewer: There's some redundancy here, you could merge this into the AI Policy scopes section

Reviewer: also, are race conditions possible if a policy is referenced by more than one entity?

* **AI Agent**: referenced from the `policies` array on an [AI Agent entity](/ai-gateway/entities/ai-agent/). The Policy applies to that AI Agent.
* **AI MCP Server**: referenced from the `policies` array on an [AI MCP Server entity](/ai-gateway/entities/ai-mcp-server/). The Policy applies to that AI MCP Server.
* **AI Consumer**: referenced from the `policies` array on an [AI Consumer entity](/ai-gateway/entities/ai-consumer/). The Policy applies when the AI Consumer is identified during a request.
* **AI Consumer Group**: referenced from the `policies` array on an [AI Consumer Group entity](/ai-gateway/entities/ai-consumer-group/). The Policy applies when a member of the AI Consumer Group is identified during a request.

### Creating AI Policies

All AI Policies are created through a single endpoint at `/v1/ai-gateways/{aiGatewayId}/policies`. Scope is determined entirely by which entity references the AI Policy: add the AI Policy's `name` or `id` to the parent entity's `policies` array, or omit the reference for global scope.

## Lifecycle

> An AI Policy maps to exactly one Policy entry in the underlying runtime. Creating, updating, or deleting an AI Policy creates, updates, or deletes that Policy entry respectively. All scopes support standard CRUD operations through the AI Policy API endpoint.

Reviewer: consider leaving this as plugin

The `config` field is passed through to the policy without translation.

{:.info}
> **Policy config schemas live with the policy docs**
>

> > {{site.ai_gateway}} does not define policy configuration schemas under the AI Policy entity.

Reviewer: Is this true?

> > For each policy you intend to use as an AI Policy `type`, look up that policy's reference page for its `config` shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For each policy you intend to use as an AI Policy `type`, look up that Policy's reference page for its `config` shape.
```
